PETER:
Now I've worked hard to earn
forgiveness both from my family
and from you,
the citizens of Chicago.
That work is ongoing...
(Alicia's phone rings)
ALICIA: Hello? Will?
...and will continue,
but I'm confident...
Huge press conference.
Is everything all right?
...that it will continue
to make me a better husband...
Wait. I can't hear you.
(Will speaking indistinctly)
Hold on.
PETER:
...a better public official.
I just need to say it.
We've been up and down,
back and forth, and I...
Will._..
No, I Just
need to say this.
No!
Show me the plan.
The what?
The plan.
I get the romance.
I need a plan.
PETER:
But it's unnecessary,
because Chicago...
ALICIA:
Poetry's easy. It's
the parent-teacher
conferences that are hard.
Alicia, come on.
I have to go now.
Come on.
PETER:
I believe I am that change,
and I believe
that I am that individual.
PETER:
Thank you very much.
(applause and cheering)
Alicia?
(phone ringing)
Hey, thanks
for doing this.
It'll be right here
for you.
(phone line ringing)
ALICIA:
I'm away from my phone
at the moment,
so please leave a message.
(voice mail beeps)
Hey, I just wanted to say...
PETER (on TV):
You all know my wife...
(reporters clamoring)
Look, you're right.
I don't have a plan.
It's wrong.
I'm your boss.
You're my employee.
Let's just...
drop this. Okay?
PETER:
Now that hasn't been the focus
of the current _
state's attorney's office.
Instead, S.A. Glenn Childs...
(phone beeps, speed-dials)
ALICIA:
I'm away from my phone
at the moment,
so please leave a message.
(voice mail beeps)
No. You know what?
I'm not just dropping this.
You want to know my plan?
My plan is, I love you, okay?
I've probably loved you...
ever since Georgetown.
So phone me.
I'll meet you anywhere,
and we will make a plan.
If none of this makes sense
to you, just Ignore It.
No embarrassment, nothing.
We'll just go back
to where things stood.
(phone chimes)
WILL:
No. You know what?
I'm not just dropping this.
You want to know my plan?
My plan is, I love you, okay?
So phone me.
I'll meet you anywhere.
If none of this makes sense
to you, just Ignore It.
PETER:
Cook County State's Attorney
will put justice
before politics,
public safety
before personal vendetta.
(phone beeps)
(Peter continues speaking
indistinctly in background)
(reporters clamoring,
cameras snapping)
Thank you for coming out
this morning.
I have a short statement
I'd like to read.
(cameras snapping)
First, please let me apologize
to my wife,
friends,
staff, and fellow Coloradans
for the shadow placed over them
by these accusations.
I did nothing wrong,
but I can understand
how my actions
over the last two years
have been misinterpreted.
So let me say
without equivocation,
I have always been faithful
to my wife.
Not only...
Yeah?
I'm headed out.
The Police Union speech?
Yeah. Did you have
a chance to read it?
It's good.
The opening story...
Not funny enough?
Cut it.
Listen, this...
It's not us, Peter.
You know, I have an hour today.
I thought, uh...
Thought I'd drop by
court and watch you work.
Oh, that's okay.
No, I really want to.
It's a status hearing.
Maybe another time.
Okay.
(TV clicks on)
CONGRESSMAN TIMMERMAN:
The charges and gossip
now being bandied about
in the press
and through anonymous blogs...
Am I boring you?
Excuse me, Your Honor?
I asked if
I'm boring you.
I saw you check
your watch,
and I thought I might
be holding you up.
No, Your Honor. We have
a staff meeting in an hour.
I was checking to make sure
I was on time, and I am.
I'm so glad.
Was that a smile,
Miss Long?
No, Your Honor.
Food in my teeth.
Okay, so, I love
when prosecutors
and defense attorneys come
together and find agreement, but
your client's restitution
should also include court costs,
Mrs. Florrick, so if you don't
mind, you two can revise this
while_I handle
a pretrial motion.
JUDGE:
Tommy...
Let me guess.
He hates women?
No. He just checks his
Google alerts daily.
You have more
than he does.
So it looks like
you're off the hook.
I'm...?
Press has a new scandal.
MAN _:
It's my right,
Your Honor!
You are one day
away from trial.
We have a jury.
_I will not slow
this process down!
It's my right
to represent myself.
You are not a lawyer, sir.
Yeah, and I wasn't
an Alaskan fisherman
till I stepped
on my first trawler.
I wasn't a hacker
till I broke my first code...
This is not a game.
You are being accused of murder.
It's a murder _
the government committed.
The Pentagon murdered
my business partner
and set me up for it.
Why? Because
we posted top secret
Pentagon video on our Web site!
OpenSourceFind.com.
And I don't care if you don't
believe me, Your Honor.
It's my right
under the 6th
and 14th Amendment
to fire my attorney,
represent myself.
(gavel banging)
I will not allow
this court to become
your personal
soapbox, Mr. Salle.
And I won't watch
this trail turned over
on appeal, you understand?
You are getting a baby-sitter.
That is not open
for discussion.
Mrs. Florrick?
Are you a member
of the Capital Litigation Bar?
Uh, excuse me,
Your Honor?
Are you a member
of the Illinois
Capital Litigation Bar?
Yes.
Good.
Congratulations.
I'm appointing you
standby counselor to Mr. Salle.
ALICIA:
Oh, I'm sorry,
but I have
the Murphy/Gomes suit
going to trial next week.
Who's the judge?
Judge Fullerton.
Good. My court
takes precedence.
Trial starts tomorrow at 9:00.
No. Your Honor, I can't!
You can't do this.
Actually, ma'am,
I can.
SALLE:
Your Honor,
I just want
to point out...
Don't you start!
We are going to trial on this
tomorrow.
Anything from you, Mr. Brody?
The People are content.
Of course, they are.
Tommy, next case.
(laughter)
DIANE: And his name just
kept coming up.
Derrick Bond.
I go to Louisiana
to sign up fishermen
for a BP class action,
and I find
that half of them
have already been signed up
by a small boutique D.C. firm.
Imagine my frustration.
(laughter)
So I had to look up
this Derrick Bond.
And I was surprised
to find one
of the most gentlemanly
young lavwers that
I have ever met.
MAN:
Hear, hear.
WOMAN:
Yeah!
(applause)
Anyway, I couldn't be
happier about this merger.
Will and I could not be happier.
(applause)
BOND:
Thank you, Diane.
Thank you, Will.
Uh, I know that there
some unfamiliar faces around,
so please, everyone,
introduce yourselves
and communicate through...
We're moving towards
a paperless office.
We bring lobbyists,
you bring corporate.
We bring DO,
you bring Chicago.
With our current president's
ties to your city,
we mean more together
than apart.
(applause)
Hear, hear.
Now,
let me turn things over
to Bachelor number 16.
(laughter)
I'm not going to hear the end
of that, am I?
No.
Neven
WILL:
A few updates.
We got a continuance on BP,
so we'll need a few of you
to join us on the diocese depos.
And the Murphy/Gomes suit got
an expedited start date,
so we'll need that team
to kick into high gear.
So let's get going.
Will?
ALICIA:
Good job.
Not me, you.
Its like Invasion
of the Body Snatchers.
As long as we're
the ones snatching.
(laughter)
How long do I have to wait
before I get my
season tickets back?
(laughs)
A polite week.
Happy days.
Just so you know,
I'll be playing
this disgruntled.
The excluded partner.
Well, maybe we can shake
something else loose
contractually.
Oh, Derrick, we were
just talking about you.
That went well,
didn't it?
It did. It did.
A good group.
Very good.
Will was just
talking the merger.
He had a few concerns.
Nothing big. Just
about office space.
An equitable division.
(overlapping chatter,
phones ringing)
PETER (on TV):
An hour ago, I resigned as
State's Attorney of Cook County.
NEWSCASTER:
Another year, another scandal.
An_other woman
standing by her man...
ASSISTANT:
Are you kidding?
You'd rather have your husband
sleep with a prostitute?!
If the choice was that or fall
in love with someone, yeah.
One's just sex.
The other's...
Shh.
MAN (on TV):
Miss Correlli
is a key member of my staff...
Oops.
ELI:
What happened
to your couch?
Why, hello, Mr. Gold.
It's gone.
Redecorating.
I'm taking this
very personally.
Oh, Mr. Gold.
Do you know
what a tracker is?
Do I know what a tracker is?
No.
An unpaid
political operative
wh_o_ tracks _
the opp05ition candidate,
trying to catch him off-guard
with a question or a comment
in order to tape
the embarrassing encounter
for free viral _
negative campaigning.
Macaca?
Result of a tracker.
And I imagine this will all
come around to me.
The events of this morning.
This congressional scandal.
You are back in the news.
And Childs has people
tracking you.
You know this?
Well, I know what I would do,
and Ijust flip it
to know what
my opponent Will do.
Okay.
So, if anyone approaches you
with a flip phone
or an oddly shouted
comment,
the best thing to do
is smile and move on.
They will try
to follow you.
Probably a college student,
often working in twos.
Again, smile and move on.
I'm trying to keep you out of
this, but it's modern politics.
Wives are no longer
off-limits.
Everything good here?
Everything's good here.
Anything else?
No. I'm good.
If you're good.
I'm good.
Hey, Will.
Eli.
You needed something?
Yes.
Judge Matchick made me
standby counsel
on a pro se case
starting tomorrow.
You told him about
the Murphy/Gomes date?
I did.
He didn't seem to care.
Yeah, that sounds
like Matchick.
He's still proud
of a walk-on line
he had in The Dark Knight.
(chuckles)
Okay, I'll have
Shawn take over.
I think I can do both.
No, it's okay.
We're not starved
for personnel anymore.
Merger going well?
It is.
I'm glad.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
LANDRY:
Don't sweat the drug cases.
Gag 'em and bag 'em.
Five to ten.
On page two, you'll
find a summary
of outstanding continuances.
We may not have enough copies,
so share at the back.
Let's not go continuance
crazy, okay, folks?
Unless you're up against
Goldstein and Michaels.
(all chuckling)
Then all continuances
are welcome.
Matan, what's up
with the pro se?
Guy's running
a unicorn defense.
He killed his business partner
for the money,
and now he's trying to suggest
it was some sort of
Pentagon conspiracy.
Judge Matchick saddled him
with a wrangler.
Alicia Florrick.
Should be entertaining.
LANDRY:
Anyone on break, sit in.
Anything else?
Okay.
Let's get
the bad guys.
Matan.
Why would Matchick
choose Florrick?
Happenstance.
She was there
on a settlement.
Take Cary
as second chair.
Sir, it was nothing.
It's okay.
It's happenstance.
It's an election year.
There's no such thing
as happenstance.
Matchick
supports Peter.
He's pushing his wife
into a prominent position.
Cary?
I want you
to take second chair.
Matan will bring you
up to speed, okay?
You got it.
You're up to speed.
He was bleeding profusely
from the neck and chest.
There also appeared to
have been a struggle
before the shooting.
I attempted CPR,
but the victim died
at the scene.
Now, Detective,
at the crime scene,
you also found shell casings,
isn't that correct?
Objection.
On what grounds?
On the grounds
of foundation.
Mr. Salle,
he was about to tell us
the foundation.
May I have a ruling, Your Honor?
Overruled.
Exception.
Mr. Salle, you know
that doesn't mean anything?
Oh, I'm preserving your bias
for the record.
Oh, dear God. Mrs. Florrick?
Please, Mr. Salle,
let me argue for you.
I'm very good at it.
It's not about being
good, Mrs. Florrick.
In a fight between
a man being paid
and a man fighting for his
life, who would you bet on?
I'm betting on myself.
(sighs)
Don't turn your back
to the jury.
These nine millimeter casings
you found at the scene?
They are consistent
with a Russian-made
Makarov semiautomatic.
A very rare handgun?
That's correct.
And who owned
such a handgun?
The defendant.
And when you arrested him,
did he say what had happened
to his gun?
He said it was missing.
No more questions.
Now, Detective,
didn't I say
it had been stolen?
You did.
You said agents from the
government had stolen it.
(quiet chuckling)
Did I say why?
MATAN:
Objection.
Actually, you know what?
Forget it.
Let the jury hear this.
You said the
government was upset
because you had uploaded a
leaked video to your Web site.
Was it this video
that played on my Web site,
OpenSourceFind.com?
This video is of a U.S.
predator drone assassinating
an unarmed man
in Afghanistan.
RODRIGUEZ:
Yes, I believe that's correct.
And did I give you the name
of someone to talk to?
Someone who could point to the
real killer at the Pentagon?
You said to speak to one of your
volunteers: a woman named Onya
who'd acquired the
video from a leaker.
Did you speak to Onya,
this volunteer?
MATAN:
Okay, I think I'll object
at this point,
Your Honor.
JUDGE:
Sustained.
Mr. Salle, I already told you.
The government is not
on trial here.
You are.
Well, maybe they should be.
Do I think the U.S. government
killed his business partner?
No.
But I've got nothing
else to go on.
Look, we're trying to be more
thrifty with Kalinda's hours,
so I _can't have her
chasmg phantoms.
Just do the best you can
with what you've got.
What's your strategy?
My strategy?
Well, there's this one juror.
I think he agrees with Salle.
Every time
the judge overrules us,
you can tell he
wants to hear more.
He thinks we're
being censored.
Quite a risk.
Trying to win over one juror.
I only need one
for a deadlock.
We can give her half a day.
To hunt down
Pentagon assassms?
_ To find sand to throw
in the prosecutor's case.
KaHnda?
What's up?
Alicia needs help
ï¬ngenng
the Pentagon for a murder.
How long do I have?
The afternoon.
Sorry.
What?
Sixteenth most
eligible bachelor.
We're fine, Kalinda.
Yeah, that
looked fine.
Did you see the photo spread?
Will in a swimsuit.
He wasn't in a swimsuit.
So you saw it, then?
Talk to him.
He doesn't want to.
He told me.
He wants to drop it.
Yeah. In voice mail.
Anything said in voice
mail doesn't count.
Salle doesn't know who
leaked the pentagon video.
He was insulated
from the leaker
by a go-between activist
named Onya, no last name.
Her last known address.
But she's paranoid,
so she moves around a
lot to av0id detection.
Well, the good thing
about amateur paranoids
is, they always leave
something behind.
Talk to him.
Life is short.
PSYCHOLOGIST (on computer):
The most honest part
of the body, which you
wouldn't guess, is the feet.
NEWSCASTER:
The feet? You're kidding.
PYSCHOLOGIST (chuckling):
No.
Look at
Mrs. Timmerman's feet.
They are pointing away
from her husband,
almost as if to flee.
Now, let's look at
Mrs. Clinton's feet.
They are facing
toward her husband.
This is a marriage
that can recover.
Now let's look at
Alicia Florrick's feet.
One foot is toward her husband.
One foot is away
from her husband.
It just signifies ambivalence.
It's not going away.
That's the problem.
It's not my scandal.
Thank you.
It's Colorado.
That's like going
to the moon.
Every time they show
him, they show you.
Every time they show his
wife, they show Alicia.
So change the subject.
Right, to Glenn Child's
divorce.
No, Eli. No.
Peter, you can't
keep leaving
all your missiles
in the silo.
I'm not leaving anything.
This isn't about
being a good guy.
We go after his family,
then he's going
to come after mine.
He's coming after
yours, either way.
Then we'll wait
till he does.
In the meantime,
change the subject
to something positive.
MAN:
So, without further ado...
What am I doing
here, anyway?
I present to you
the new...
Get me in front
of some woman's group,
so we can remind them
of the mutual respect.
...Peter Florrick.
(audience applauding
and cheering)
Get me a_ list_
of any organizations
giving out an award
this season.
I don't care if it's the
Knitting Needlers of America.
I need a visual.
Oh. Sorry. Uh...
My friend lives here and she
said I could get her key.
Are you...?
The landlord.
Who's your friend?
Onya.
Yeah. Uh...
She moved out.
Right. She leave
a forwarding address?
No. No.
She's a friend of yours?
Yeah.
Look, the thing is,
she has my extra key,
and I'm locked out.
I was hoping I could get in.
Oh, there's nothing left in
there. She cleaned it out, so...
It might be shoved to the
back of a drawer or something.
Do you mind if I just check?
Check? For your extra key? Um...
It would really help.
Please?
Close the door
when you're done.
Thank you.
(clattering outside)
(dog barking)
I found it in the Dumpster
in the back.
No SIM card. She must have taken
it when she left the apartment.
So, it's a dead end?
For the moment.
But there was somebody
there just before me.
I found chipped paint
under the air vent screws.
So somebody must have
checked the vents
after the apartment
was cleaned.
Yeah. Sorry.
I should have
cleaned that up.
Oh, yes. Derrick said
you would be dropping by.
_ This is_ Derrick's
in-house investigator,
Blake, from DC.
I picked the lock
in the apartment.
Found a cell phone
hidden in the air vent.
It looked like the
subject left in a rush.
She left this in the
phone. SIM card.
Much of it's encrypted.
I can try and
decipher if you want.
DIANE:
Uh, yeah.
Let's see what
you can find.
I wouldn't mind Kalinda
trying to decipher.
She's done it
for me before.
Um...
Yeah. Well, why don't you
work on it together?
Did you ever find
your extra key?
You knew who I was?
Yeah.
I wanted to see
how you'd play it.
What are you, man
of a thousand faces?
No.
Just one.
Does that flirtation bit
always work for you?
Yeah.
Are we going to have trouble?
No.
No. As far as
I'm concerned,
it's your baclqard, Leela.
Sorry. That's not
your name, is it?
It's Kalinda.
Kalinda's your name.
Right.
Imagine my surprise when I
looked at the membership roll
of the Women's Auxiliary
of the Botanical Gardens
and saw your name.
I was also surprised to see that
the Auxiliary has not awarded
a "Friend of the Auxiliary"
in quite some time.
Anyway, if you could talk
to the auxiliary...
Well, certainly, Mr. Gold.
How's the campaign going?
The campaign?
It's going very well,
ma'am. Thank you.
Why?
Oh, no reason.
It's just that it seems
like you're coming to me
more than I might expect.
And how much did you expect,
Mrs. Florrick?
I imagine that campaigns
are very complicated things.
Maybe you need... help.
What kind of help?
I think we should
stay in touch.
talk regularly.
I can offer you advice
and you can ask questions
when you are confused.
I think that's
a very good idea.
Let's stay in touch.
(washer buzzing)
Objection!
Overru_led.
Exception!
And ye-yes, exception, I get it.
JUDGE: Continue,
Mr. Brody.
What other forensic evidence
did you collect
from the scene, ma'am?
We found partial
palm prints
on the Cessna door and
fingerprints on the inside.
MATAN:
And who did those
prints belong to?
The defendant.
MATAN:
No further questions.
Have I been
on that plane before?
Objection, Your Honor.
Beyond the scope.
JUDGE:
Sustained.
These prints of mine
on the plane--
that doesn't mean
that I was at any time...?
MATAN:
Objection.
JUDGE:
Sustained.
(whispers):
Did your investigation
reveal you were
on the plane...?
Did your investigation reveal
that I had been on the plane
a week before the murder,
and that could be the
source of the fingerprints?
Yes.
JUDGE:
Are we finished here,
Mr. Salle?
Uh, one second, Your Honor.
Miss-- I forgot
your name.
Loren.
Loren, sorry.
What happened
to the sample #48?
I don't understand the question.
You collected
48 blood samples.
Isn't that correct?
No, 47 blood samples.
Yes, 47 samples
according to your
evidence list, and yet
here on the crime scene photo,
there is a 48th sample.
That's outside the
de5ignated crime scene.
So, you found blood
outside the designated
crime scene,
and you decided
not to include it?
MATAN:
Objection, Your Honor.
This is
a large hangar,
and this blood sample
was found by a tool kit
which could have been left
by any random worker.
Overruled.
JUDGE: Answer
the question.
We did a preliminary blood type
test of this blood sample,
as we do with all our samples.
It was O-negative,
not consistent with the victim.
SALLE:
And what is my blood type?
B-positive.
So it wasn't consistent
with my blood type either.
No further questions.
I haven't said this
in a while to anyone.
Thank you.
BLAKE:
Cryptbit encryption?
You don't like
Lasermite?
Try combining
Lasermite and Elcosec.
Use them
as binary sifters.
They'd cancel
each other out.
Use Lase_rmite
for salting.
So, what did you
find out about me?
Some friends in DC.
said you phoned.
You have enemies.
(typing)
Nice-- same
phone number.
There, there, there.
Every night at 7:30.
Yeah._ _
You recognize it.
Stan's Chicken Shack.
She's ordering
takeout.
You think
she would get takeout
again from her new address?
Hey, Leela.
(clears throat)
We should work together.
Stop it.
What?
It's been such a difficult
time for Peter and his family,
and...
this award will mean
so much to them.
Now he needs us.
Would you excuse me?
Her daughter-in-law--
that's who we should get.
Oh, hello, Jackie.
Hello, Ruth.
We were just talking about
your daughter-in-law.
Where is Alicia?
Well, as you know, she works,
but my granddaughter
is here-- Grace.
Grace.
She's thinking of joining
our cotillion.
Oh.
Grace!
(sighing)
It's so bogus, huh?
Yeah, I got dragged here.
Yeah.
You, too?
No, no, I'm...
I'm working.
Doing what?
You know.
(both laugh)
So has your mom or
dad said anything
about this other scandal?
The one right now?
No. They kind of
just try to avoid
the whole subject,
you know.
They're still sleeping
in separate rooms?
Who's that?
BOY:
Oh, Steven--
he's in film school.
So your parents
aren't sleeping
together
anymore, right?
And you used to do
accounting work
for the victim, Mr. Kimball?
Yes, and Mr. Salle.
I'm sorry,
Miss Derbeken,
could you please
move your hand?
Yes, sorry.
In fact, you traveled
with Mr. Kimball, didn't you?
Yes, our job required
moving around a lot,
so I stayed
in the same hotel.
And you saw firsthand
a dispute between Mr. Kimball
and the defendant
about their Web site?
Yes, I did.
In fact, could you describe
the letter you saw
sent by Mr. Salle
to the victim a week
before the murder?
Object now.
Why?
Do it.
Objection.
Your Honor,
this isn't hearsay.
Miss Derbeken
is testifying
to a letter she read herself,
not what was heard.
Yes, but, uh...
best evidence,
Your Honor.
I'm listening.
The original
letter offers...
The original letter offers
the best evidence,
and it can't be testified to
if the letter is not produced.
Where is the letter?
Oh, come on.
Your Honor, we can't establish
motive unless we hear from her.
JUDGE: That's not my
problem, Mr. Brody.
The objection is sustained.
Miss Derbeken
cannot testify
to the letter.
Know what I want to do
if I get out?
Go to law school.
MATAN: _
He's got no case, Sir.
He's still arguing
a unicorn defense.
And he's beating you.
He's got no case,
and he's beating you.
Cary.
Don't do this--
he's a first year.
I don't care if he's
just out of law school.
Can you beat her?
Uh... we just caught a
bad break, Mr. Childs.
That's not what I asked.
Can you beat her?
Yes.
YouTe
first chair.
I don't know how long
you plan to stay with us,
but that's not how you endear
yourself to your coworkers.
Oh, is that
what this is about--
endearment?
DIANE:
Oh, uh, one last thing.
How are you
on partners' offices?
Diane has a corner office.
I have a partial corner
with more
square footage.
We could splurge for either.
One of the things we did
at our old office was
move the partners' offices
into the core of the building
and made the_outside
communal assoqate areas.
It fostered goodwill.
Do you prefer
an interior office?
Let me think on it.
And I would
like to start
a partner mentorship program.
Well, we already
unofficially
mentor associates.
I think it'll create
greater goodWIll
if we officially mentor.
There's one
more thing.
Peer review.
We don't choose who to fire.
Associates grade each other.
It creates
community.
Yeah, like Lord of the Flies.
(laughs)
Um, well,
let us think on that.
Are we being played
in some way?
I don't see how.
I don't either.
It's making me
suspicious.
(chuckles)
CASHIER:
Stan's Chicken Shack on 58th.
Yeah, I just phoned a minute ago
for my delivery order.
I just want to check
I gave you the right address.
The name's Onya.
No delivery by that name.
Are you sure
you have the right...?
(phone beeps off)
(dialing)
(line ringing)
CASHIER 2:
Stan's Chicken Shack.
Yeah, I think I might have
given you the wrong address.
Uh, the name's Onya.
Oh, yeah, you got a new address?
Uh, no, I-I thinkI may have
given you the wrong address.
Uh, what do you have?
Is that right?
Yeah, yeah,
that-that's really good.
Thank you, bye.
Hi.
You ready to take
another go at this?
What is lupus?
Lupus is a disease
in which
the immune
system attacks...
Objection, Your Honor.
Uh,
beyond the scope.
JUDGE:
Hmm, I'm going
to overrule on that.
I'd like to see
where this is going.
Lupus is a disease
in which the immune
system attacks
the body's cells
and tissue,
resulting in inflammation
and tissue damage.
How common is it?
LOREN:
Fairly common.
It affects perhaps one out
of every 1,000 Americans.
Does the defendant Mr. Salle
suffer from lupus?
Lupus erythematosus,
yes, he does.
Now, what is another
odd artifact of lupus?
Well, if you withdraw
medication,
it can change your blood type.
CARY:
Hmm, so Mr. Salle could
have O-negative blood
one week, and
if he changed
his medication,
B-positive the next?
LOREN:
That is correct.
Wow.
Now...
this blood sample
that you took from a tool kit
in the hangar--
this blood sample
that Mrs. Florrick
and her mentor
worked so diligently
to get into evidence--
did you expedite a DNA test
looking for a match?
I did.
And who
did it match?
LOREN:
Mr. Salle the defendant.
CARY:
Well, no further questions.
The prosecution rests.
KALIN DA:
Onya.
No, no, no,
Vance sent me.
I work with his lavwers.
I'm not Onya
you're looking for...
Okay, they know
you're in there.
Don't go back in there.
Come on.
Look, Vance wants to help,
but he needs your help, too.
You know who shot
Kimball, right?
Was it the government?
Shh.
What?
The Feds use strollers.
They're transmitters.
They're easy to disguise.
The guy who leaked me the video?
He was afraid that Kim_bal|
was g0ing to name him,
so he killed him.
Onya, you have
to testify to that.
No. No, he'll kill you.
He'll kill me, too.
We can hide your identity.
No, you can't.
If you bring me into that
court, I will plead the Fifth.
Look at her.
Like that's
a real baby.
Okay, then tell me
the name of the leaker.
I'll take the risk.
Come on. It's the least
you can do for Vance.
KALIN DA:
Good news
is we found the leaker.
CIA analyst,
Edgar Barkus.
The bad_ news?
He's missmg.
Office was cleared out
a month ago.
DIANE:
So, what are we saying?
It is a government conspiracy?
Or the Pentagon
found their leaker.
WILL:
Alicia?
Use her. Use Onya.
I don't understand.
Prosecution is winning
because they're arguing
a straightforward case
with a straightforward motive.
Your client killed over money:
possession of his Web site.
You need a straightforward
alternative.
Jealousy.
Who's jealous?
Onya.
But she'll plead
the Fifth.
Right, so use her.
ALICIA:
Onya, you're familiar
with Mr. Kimball's accountant,
Jeanine Derbeken?
ONYA:
What do you mean, familiar?
You know who she is?
Yes.
This should be
interesting.
You have to go?
Yeah. Take care.
ALICIA:
And you knew that
Jeanine would often stay
in Mr. Kimball's hotel room
when he traveled?
No.
You didn't
know that?
But you also traveled
with Mr. Kimball, didn't you?
I did, yeah.
And...
did you ever fight with Jeanine?
ONYA:
With. . .?
No.
You never fought
with Jeanine
over the attentions
of Mr. Kimball?
CARY:
Objection.
Sustained.
So, Onya,
the week before the murder--
this is
the week Mr. Kimball received
the leaked video--
did you and Mr. Kimball travel
to Washington DC?
It's a simple
question, Onya.
Did you and Mr. Kimball stay
together in Washington, DC?
I refuse to answer
on the grounds
that it may incriminate me.
JUDGE:
Are you sure that's
what you want to do?
You're pleading the Fifth?
Yes.
You're worried
about relating what happened
with the victim
in Washington DC?
I refuse to answer
on the grounds that
it may incriminate me.
Miss, I want to make sure
I understand_ what
you're saying.
Your Honor, the witness
already answered...
Are you pleading the Fifth
because you were involved
in Mr. Kimball's murder, or
because of the leaked...?
Your Honor, it is not your place
to ask my witness.
Yes, it is,
Mrs. Florrick.
Now, you are taking
the Fifth...
ALICIA:
Your Honor, if you
compel my witness
to answer this question,
I am moving
for an immediate mistrial.
Denied. I'm asking
a simple question...
You are not, sir!
Mrs. Florrick...
You are piercing
the Fifth Amendment right.
Mr. Florrick, shut up.
No, sir.
Excuse me.
As long as you are attempting
to circumvent
her Fifth Amendment right,
I will not shut up.
You will shut up,
or be held in contempt.
Then hold me in contempt,
and I will refer this
to the Judicial Conduct
Committee for immediate action.
This court will adjourn
until tomorrow morning.
(gavelbangs)
(water running)
I'm almost done.
What are you up to?
Peter.
I saw you in
court today.
Yeah?
You were
amazmg.
Peter, I've got to...
study.
Peter, I have to study.
(radio news program
playing quietly)
Okay.
Let me.
(gasps)
(Alicia sighs contentedly)
So, let's just go at this
from a different angle.
Do you know of any motive
Mr. Salle might have had
to murder Mr. Kimball?
I refuse to answer
on the grounds that it
might incriminate me.
Now, are you pleading the Fifth
because you were involved
in the murder, or...
I refuse to answer
on the grounds
that it might
incriminate me.
So, you want to follow me again?
Have me do your work for you?
BLAKE:
Nope, I have something for you.
I picked it up on
my police scanner.
A kid found the murder weapon
down by the river.
A Russian-made _
Makarov semi-automatic.
The cops have it?
They're checking it
for prints right now.
My guess is, your client
didn't wipe it down.
How long do we have?
I know your Chicago
cops are slow,
but I'd say
you got few minutes.
And you still want
to plead the Fifth?
ONYA: I refuse to answer...
CARY: No more questions.
JUDGE:
Mrs. Florrick?
Your next witness.
Defense rests, Your Honor.
What are you doing?
We still have
to refute the blood evidence.
Defense rests.
Your Honor, The
People are unprepared
for closing arguments.
That's unfortunate,
Mr. Agos,
because I am.
Well, we request
a five-minute recess.
No, Mr. Agos.
This trial has gone on
much longer than I anticipated,
and I'm tired.
So you go now,
or you don't go.
(sighs)
And where does that
leave the defense?
CARY:
In tatters.
_Look at their
Witnesses. Oops.
I'm sorry. Their one witness.
Your Honor,
I need to interrupt.
The police have just uncovered
a new piece of evidence.
Mr.Brody, you
know as well as I
that once the prosecution
starts its closing arguments,
there is no new evidence.
Yes, Your Honor, but these are
extraordinary circumstances.
Well, that's
unfortunate, Mr. Brody.
If the jury deadlocks,
you may use
your extraordinary circumstances
in the next trial.
The jury will ignore
Mr. Brody's statements.
You may continue,
Mr. Agos.
(footfalls)
Hey.
About your peer
review suggestion.
We thought we could try it for
one year as a pilot program.
Okay.
Oh, and we're still
working on getting you
a smaller office
Without a Window.
But in the meantime,
you'll have to
live With this.
Thank you.
You shoot the hoops?
I do.
We got an afternoon league.
A few judges,
lawyers.
We could use some
Baltimore blood.
Oh, you can't handle
some Baltimore blood.
(laughs)
(chuckles)
That's how it starts.
Still deliberating?
Yep.
You know,
that gun they found?
The Feds have a way of making
this stuff pop up
right when they need it.
They're offering
you five years.
They're... Who is?
The state's
attorney's office.
Five years, second degree.
But you're... I mean,
we're not considering it.
Yes, we are.
It just takes one.
Yeah, it just takes
one to deadlock.
Yes.
And if the jury deadlocks,
the gun is in.
A deadlock works against you.
I can say
the government planted...
Oh, Vance, stop it.
You did it.
Right now, you're in control.
Once the jury comes in,
it's out of your hands.
Take the five years.
Did he take it?
The five years? Yes.
It was the smart move.
I'm your new mentor.
See you tomorrow morning.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org